---
title: "2024-01-17"
description: ""
seoTitle: "Release Notes"
---

## What's New in DevStride: Enhanced Usability and Speedier Workflows

Our newest update to DevStride focuses on refining the user experience with improvements to navigation, performance, and functionality. Here's what we've rolled out in the latest release:

## New Features and Improvements

- Persistent Search Bar in Multiselector: The search bar now remains visible within the item multiselector, making it easier to find and filter items without losing your place.

- Organization Name in Email Templates: Emails now include your organization's name, adding a personal touch and making it clear which project the notifications are about.

- Live Updates Performance: We've boosted the performance of live updates, ensuring that changes are reflected faster and more reliably across the board.

- Enhanced Child Items Tab: Navigate your project's hierarchy with ease — we've added a link to the parent item in the child items tab for quicker and more intuitive movement through different levels.

- Clearing Multi-Selected Items Post-Edit: After editing, items that no longer match the applied filters will automatically be cleared from the multi-selection, keeping your view uncluttered and relevant.

- Improved Board and Cycle Selectors: It's now more visually obvious when boards and cycle selectors have scrollable content, thanks to UI enhancements for better usability.

## Sorting and Editing Enhancements

- Updated Sort Behavior: We've fine-tuned the sort functionality to prevent list items from jumping around when their attributes change, providing a smoother and more predictable sorting experience.

- Bulk Edit for Custom Fields Fix: Addressed and resolved issues with the bulk edit feature for custom fields, so now making changes en masse is as seamless as it should be.

## Performance Upgrades

- Gantt Performance Improvements: Experience a noticeable boost in performance, especially when using the bulk expand feature on the Gantt charts, making it faster and more responsive during intensive project management tasks.

We continue to be dedicated to improving DevStride. Our support team is ready to assist you if you have any issues or suggestions. Thank you for choosing DevStride as your project management partner!