---
title: "2024-04-29"
description: ""
---

## Stored Views, Calculated Custom Fields, and Enhanced Sorting
We're excited to announce the latest updates. This release introduces powerful new features and enhancements to boost your productivity and streamline your workflow.

### Calculated Custom Fields
Say goodbye to manual calculations! With our new Calculated Custom Fields feature, you can leverage the power of Excel-like formulas to automatically calculate values based on other custom fields or base item fields. This feature will save you time and reduce the risk of errors in your data.

### Introducing Stored Views
We've added a game-changing feature called Stored Views! You can now store personalized views of your data on your device, tailoring the application to your specific needs. But that's not all—you can also share links to these views with others in your organization, fostering collaboration and ensuring everyone is on the same page.

### Enhanced Sorting Capabilities
We've made sorting your data even easier. You can now sort lists by custom fields, giving you more flexibility in organizing and prioritizing your work. Additionally, we've improved the sorting of lists with archived items, ensuring that all unarchived items appear at the top for quick access.

### Collapsible Lanes on Kanban Board
We've introduced collapsible lanes to provide a cleaner and more focused view of your Kanban board. This feature allows you to collapse and expand lanes as needed, helping you concentrate on the most relevant information at any given time.

### Bug Fixes and Improvements
We've squashed a pesky bug that caused data to persist when switching organizations. Now, you can seamlessly switch between organizations without any data carryover.

We're committed to continuously improving DevStride to meet your evolving needs. Stay tuned for more exciting updates!