---
title: "What Are Automations?"
description: ""
---

## Automations in DevStride

In project management, "Automations" refer to the feature that allows users to set up automatic actions or workflows based on specific triggers or conditions. These automations are designed to reduce repetitive tasks and increase efficiency within a project.

DevStride makes it easy to reduce unnecessary worksload by offering a huge range of customizable automations.

If you are unfamiliar with how automation engines work in general, read on. 

Otherwise, **feel free to skip on** to the next article: Setting Up Basic Automations.

### Create and Edit Automations 

#### When This Happens... Then Do This 

The connection between the **"when this happens"** prompt and the **"then do this"** action in Automations is at the core of creating effective and dynamic automated workflows. 

"When this happens" serves as a trigger or condition that initiates the automation rule. It defines the specific event, action, or situation that must occur for the automation to be activated. 

This trigger can be a wide range of events, such as the creation of a new task, the change in a project status, or the receipt of a specific email. It sets the starting point for the automation process, signaling that certain conditions have been met and an action needs to be taken.


On the other hand, **"then do this"** represents the set of predefined actions that should be executed once the specified trigger or condition is met. 

It defines the sequence of steps, tasks, or changes that the automation rule will perform. 

These actions can include sending notifications, updating project information, assigning tasks to team members, or generating reports. The "then do this" action enables users to define the desired outcome or behavior of the automation, determining how the system should respond to the identified trigger. 

By combining the "when this happens" prompt with the "then do this" action, users can create powerful and customized automation rules that reduce manual effort and drive efficiency within the project management software. 

The trigger and action work together to form a **cause-and-effect** relationship, automating tasks and driving the desired behaviors based on specific events or conditions.

### What is a Trigger? 

In Automations, a trigger is a specific event, condition, or action that serves as the catalyst for initiating an automated workflow. It acts as a starting point for the automation process, defining the moment or circumstance that prompts the system to execute a series of predefined actions.

Triggers can encompass a wide range of events, such as the creation or 
modification of a task, the addition of a new team member, the change in project status, or the receipt of a specific type of email. 

By defining triggers, users can set precise conditions that need to be met for the automation to activate, ensuring that the right actions are triggered at the right time. 

Triggers play a vital role in streamlining project management workflows, reducing manual effort, and enabling the system to proactively respond to specific events or conditions, thereby enhancing efficiency and productivity.

### What is a Condition? 

In Automations, a condition refers to a specific criterion or rule that must be met for an automation to proceed and execute its predefined actions. Conditions act as decision points within an automated workflow, allowing users to define logical rules that determine the flow and behavior of the automation. 

These conditions can be based on various factors such as specific data values, dates, project statuses, or assigned team members.  For example, a condition could be set to trigger an action only if a task is overdue or if a project's budget exceeds a certain threshold.

By incorporating conditions, users can introduce flexibility and customization into their automations, ensuring that actions are taken only when specific requirements are fulfilled. 

Conditions enable intelligent decision-making within the automation process, allowing for more targeted and contextually relevant actions to be executed, ultimately enhancing the effectiveness and efficiency of project management workflows.

### Chaining Conditions 

In Automations, chaining conditions refer to the practice of combining multiple conditions within an automation rule to create more complex and sophisticated logic. 

Rather than relying on a single condition to trigger an action, chaining conditions allow users to specify a series of conditions that must all be met for the automation to proceed. 

This chaining of conditions enables users to create advanced decision-making processes within their automated workflows. 

For example, an automation could be designed to trigger an action only if a task is overdue **AND ONLY IF** it is assigned to a specific team member **AND ONLY IF** the project status is marked as "In Progress". By chaining conditions together, users can create more precise and targeted automation rules that consider multiple factors before executing actions. 


Chaining conditions provides a higher degree of customization and control over when and how automations are triggered, allowing for greater flexibility and adaptability in project management workflows.

### What is an Action? 

In Automations, an **action** refers to a specific task, operation, or change that is executed as a result of an automation being triggered. 

Actions are the predefined steps or operations that the system performs automatically when certain conditions or events occur within the project management software. 

These actions can include a wide range of activities, such as sending notifications or emails, updating project statuses, assigning tasks to team members, generating reports, or making changes to project data. 

Each action represents a specific outcome or behavior that is desired within the automated workflow. 

By defining actions, users can expedite routine tasks, reduce manual effort, and ensure consistency in project management processes. 


Actions are the tangible results of automation, allowing users to orchestrate and automate various operations, ultimately improving productivity and efficiency within the project management software.

### Chaining Actions 

In DevStride, **"AND THEN"** chaining actions refer to the capability of combining multiple sequential actions within an automated workflow. 

By using the "and then" concept, users can create a series of consecutive actions that are executed one after another based on the *trigger* and *conditions* of the automation. 

For instance, an automation rule could be set up to send a notification to a project manager when a task is marked as complete, and then update the project status to reflect the task's completion. 

This chaining of actions allows for a seamless flow of operations within the automation, enabling users to define a logical sequence of steps that should be followed. 

Chaining actions in Automations empowers users to automate complex and interconnected tasks, facilitating efficient project management workflows. 

It ensures that a series of actions are executed in a specific order, improving consistency and promoting a more efficient use of time and resources.

### Item Attributes and Operation 

In Automations, an "Item Attribute" refers to a specific characteristic or property of an item within the project management software. 

It represents the various data fields or attributes associated with an item, such as the name, status, due date, priority, or assigned team member. 

Item attributes provide contextual information about the item and serve as the basis for defining conditions and triggers in automation rules. 

By leveraging item attributes, users can create automation rules that are tailored to specific criteria or changes within the project management software. 

For example, an automation rule could be triggered when the status of a task changes to "Completed" or when the due date of a project is approaching. 

Item attributes enable users to customize and define automation rules based on the specific characteristics and data fields associated with items in their projects.

On the other hand, an "Operation" in Automations refers to a specific action or task that is performed on an item within an automation rule. 

Operations are the actionable steps that the system executes as a result of the automation being triggered and the specified conditions being met. 

These operations can include a wide range of actions, such as updating an item's status, assigning a team member, sending notifications, creating subtasks, or modifying other item attributes. 

Each operation represents a distinct action that is performed automatically to optimize project management workflows. 

By defining operations within automation rules,  users can eliminate manual effort, ensure consistent actions are taken,and create efficient processes that align with their project requirements.

Operations are the building blocks of automation, allowing users to define the specific tasks and changes that should occur when triggered by specified conditions.