---
title: "Org Profile"
description: ""
seoTitle: "Configuring Org"
---

## Accessing Organization Settings

1. Log in to your DevStride account.
2. On the main dashboard, locate the sidebar on the left-hand side.
3. Click on `Settings` at the bottom of the sidebar to expand the settings menu.

## Editing Organization Profile

1. Under the `Settings` menu, click on `Organization`.
2. Select `Org Profile` from the expanded list to access the organization's profile settings.

## Updating Profile Information

1. You will see a form with several fields; fill them out with your organization's information:
   - **Name**: Enter the official name of your organization.
   - **Domain**: Type in your organization's website URL.
    - **Timezone**: Select the timezone in which your organization operates from the dropdown menu.
   - **Industry**: Choose the industry your organization belongs to from the dropdown menu.
   - **Size**: Select the size of your organization based on the number of employees.
   - **Methodology**: Pick the development methodology your organization uses, or select `Other` if it does not apply.

2. To upload your organization's logo, click on the `Upload Logo` button and select an image from your computer.

## Finalizing Your Organization's Profile

1. After filling out all the necessary information, review the details to ensure accuracy.
2. Once you are satisfied with the information entered, look for the save button (not visible in the screenshot) which is usually located at the bottom or top right of the form.
3. Click the save button to finalize your organization's profile settings.

## Inviting Users to Your Organization (Optional)

- If you wish to invite new users to your organization, click on the `Invite Users` button located at the top right corner of the screen.

- Follow the prompts to enter the email addresses of the individuals you wish to invite.
- Assign roles and permissions as necessary during the invitation process.

## Additional Configuration Options

- Explore additional settings under the `Organization` section such as `Users`, `Teams`, and more to further customize how your organization operates within DevStride.
- Under `Data Model`, you can configure `Item Types`, `Tags`, `Custom Fields`, and other elements to tailor your workflow.

## Integrating with Other Tools

- In the `Integrations` section, you can connect DevStride with other tools like GitHub for a more seamless experience.
- Simply click on the integration you wish to set up and follow the instructions provided.

## Managing Your Subscription

- Under `Subscription`, you can view your current `Subscription Tier`, update `Billing Details`, change your `Payment Method`, and review your `Billing History`.