---
title: "Report Customization Options"
description: ""
seoTitle: "Report Filters and Options"
---

## Customizable Metrics

* * *
#### Scope and Item Type Selection ("FOR")
</br>

The "FOR" Item Type Selector lets you focus on base items like stories and defects in your reports. This helps you see important details for each task, such as how much time was spent and other key information. It's a great way to get a clear view of your project's progress and how your team is working.

For a comprehensive understanding of the various item types, we invite you to explore the detailed article available at the following link: [Overview of Item Types]

#### Data Display Type ("SHOW")

</br>

* **Count**: Analyze the total number of tasks, stories, or other work items.

* **Time Estimate**: Review the projected time required to complete tasks or stories.

* **Point Estimate**: Evaluate the relative size or complexity of tasks or stories using a point system.

* **Time Spent**: Examine the actual time invested in completing tasks or stories.

#### Date Range Selection ("FROM")

</br>

* **Cycle**: Allows for selection based on the predefined cycle.


* **Custom Range**: Enables setting a custom date range.


* **This Week**: Selects the current week's date range.


* **Last Week**: Selects the previous week's date range.


* **Last 7 Days**: Covers the past week from the current date.


* **Last 14 Days**: Spans the past two weeks from the current date.


* **Last 30 Days**: Encompasses the past month from the current date.


* **This Month**: Selects the entire current month.


* **Last Month**: Selects the entirety of the previous month.


* **Last 3 Months**: Covers the past three months.


* **This Quarter**: Selects the current fiscal quarter.


* **Last Quarter:** Selects the previous fiscal quarter.


* **This Year**: Selects the current year.


* **Last Year**: Selects the previous year.

**Note**: The date range picker is labeled as either "From" or "Dates," depending on the report selected.

#### Item Categorization Options ("OF")

</br>

* **Completed Items**: Displays items that are fully completed.

* **Time Estimated**: Shows items that have time estimates attached.

* **Points Estimated**: Lists items with estimates based on points.

* **Assigned Items**: Filters items by their current assignee.

* **Planned Items**: Showcases items that are planned for future work.

* **Items by Status**: Organizes items according to their current status in the workflow.


#### Kanban Board Lane Selections ("FROM" and "TO")

</br>

* **New**: Includes items that are newly created and have not yet entered the workflow.


* **In Progress**: Displays items that are actively being worked on.


* **Review**: Lists items that are currently under review.


* **Pending Release**: Shows items that are completed but awaiting release.


* **Prioritized**: Filters to items that have been marked as a priority.


* **Approved**: Displays items that have received approval to proceed.


* **Later**: Lists items to be dealt with at a future time.


* **Next**: Shows items that are up next in the workflow.


* **Needs Review**: Includes items that require a review.


* **Done**: Displays items that have been completed and are considered done.

#### Item Activity Selections ("OF")

</br>

**Added / Removed:** Tracks items that have been added or taken out of a workflow.

**Created / Deleted**: Monitors items that have been newly created or completely deleted from the system.

## Filters and Options

* * *
#### Filters

</br>

* **Parent**: Filter tasks or stories based on their higher-level work items or epics to understand the hierarchy and dependencies.


* **Team**: Focus the view on tasks assigned to specific teams to monitor team-based workload and performance.


* **Assignee**: Narrow down the data to items assigned to particular team members, useful for individual performance tracking.


* **Priority**: Sort or display tasks according to their importance or urgency, helping to identify critical items that need attention.


* **Tag**: Use custom labels or tags to filter tasks for quick access to categorized items, such as 'bug.'


* **Field**: Apply filters based on custom fields that may be set up in your project management system for specialized tracking.


* **Cycle**: Look at tasks within a specific iteration, like a sprint in Agile methodologies, to assess progress within that cycle.


* **Board**: Filter the data by the board (such as Kanban or Scrum boards) to view the flow of tasks within specific project management frameworks.


* **Start Date**: Filter tasks based on when they began to track project timelines and ensure timely starts.


* **Due Date**: Focus on when tasks are due to manage deadlines and prevent overdue items.


* **Time Spent**: Review how much time has been logged against tasks to manage resources and ensure efficient time allocation.

#### Options

</br>

The Options Selector is a handy tool that simplifies your graph analysis. It lets you toggle the visibility of values and axis labels, providing a cleaner and more focused view to enhance your data analysis. The various options are listen below:

* **Hide Series**

* **Hide X-Axis Values**

* **Hide X-Axis Label**

* **Hide Y-Axis Values**

* **Hide Y-Axis Label**