# 2022-11-02

> 

**Features & Enhancements**

- You can now filter the Map view. Filters will work on Workstreams as well as items, so you can narrow down your search without needing to navigate into each non applicable workstream.
- Added the ability to rank items in the Map view's columns. Use the drag handle to move items up or down within their parent column.
- The Map view can also now be sorted. We added 2 buttons to the options in the toolbar - one for sorting Workstreams and another for sorting Items.
- You can now press CMD/CTRL+K to add a link or make text a link.
- We added a merged PR indicator to the work board cards for users that use the Github integration.
- Adds table support to descriptions and comments.
- Adds the ability to navigate to a specific cycle using the URL on the plan view.
- Enhanced the view when the toolbar is hidden. You'll now see things like a team and cycle select on the Plan > Cycles page next to the collapsed toolbar button.
- You can now enter your Organization's industry, size, and work methodology so DevStride can serve you and similar Organizations better.

**Bug Fixes**

- Fixes an issue where the item workspace's would have the sidebar but off.
- Fixes an issue where sometimes the cycle would not automatically get selected when viewing cycle reports in Analyze.
- On the Plan > Cycles view, if you resize the browser window the active tab will stay active.
- Fixes an issue where duplicating an item on the map view would not include it's description.
