# 2023-08-04

> 

### New Features & Improvements

We're thrilled to share some exciting updates to our platform. We've been working hard to enhance and streamline your DevStride experience. Here's a simpler summary of the improvements:

- **Subtask Estimation:** We've refined the way you plan and estimate your work. Our update now allows you to estimate time for smaller tasks, helping you manage your workload more effectively. Head to the "Subtasks" tab in the workspace sidebar to try it out.
- **Schedule Management:** Gantt now highlights any missing dates, offering you the option to automatically fill them in. This enhancement makes schedule management easier and more intuitive.
- **Analyze - Transactions & Items**: We've made significant improvements in how you view and analyze your reports. New features enable you to view transactions for every report. Additionally, we've started rolling out a new "Items" tab for some reports, which will allow you to drill down into your data and view individual items that make up a report. We'll be adding this feature to more reports in the coming weeks.
- **Subscription Management:** Major improvements have been made in managing your subscriptions. This includes fixing issues with cancellation, providing nuanced control over subscription settings and making the whole process more flexible and user-friendly.
- **Due Date Notifications:** The new notifications are designed to help you manage due dates better. These notifications will help you stay organized and on top of your tasks and deadlines.
  - Due Date Approaching - You choose when and how many days before the due date you want to be notified.
  - Due Date Arrived - You choose the time of day you want to be notified when the due date arrives.
  - Overdue - You choose when and how many days after the due date you want to be notified if a task is overdue.
- **Board Table:** The Board Table now has a footer that displays aggregations for the following metrics: the total number of items in board, time estimation, point efforts, and time spent. By having these aggregated metrics in the footer of the Board Table, you can quickly assess the overall status of the board and get valuable insights into the workload, progress, and complexity of the items at hand. This facilitates better project management and decision-making.
- **Cycle Table:** The Cycle Table already had the footer with existing metrics, and the recent addition is: the total time spent in the cycle. This new metric has been incorporated to provide insights into the actual time taken to complete items that are part of cycle, giving a more comprehensive view of cycle progress and performance.

### Bug Fixes & Minor Updates

We've addressed a range of bugs that were impacting user experience, including issues related to duplication of items, problems with item deletion, and issues with general search results. We've also improved notification handling to ensure you receive the right information at the right time, we also stopped sending notifications about the status of Github checks.

We've made these changes as a direct result of your valuable feedback and our ongoing commitment to improving DevStride. We're excited for you to experience these enhancements! Thank you for being part of the DevStride community!
