---
title: "2023-01-17"
description: ""
---

We're excited to share all of the new features and enhancements we've worked on.

First up, we've added Workflow Automation to DevStride. This new feature allows you to automatically have DevStride perform actions like assigning items or changing lane status as items are created, updated, or based on a schedule. This will save you time and effort and help streamline your workflow.

We've also made updates to the work item table, allowing you to simultaneously see an item's properties on the screen by scrolling horizontally. You can customize which columns show and adjust column width to fit your needs. In addition, the Work views now offer a table view and a lane view.

Another new feature is the Current Progress report. This report will give you a clear understanding of how much progress you're making across your portfolio based on item completion status, assignment status, planned status, lane breakdown, time estimate distribution, and effort point distribution.

We've also made a few more minor enhancements to DevStride. Mentioning an item in the editor now brings up recent items when you type #, and we've added a due date filter for Cycle reports. Additionally, we've moved the sort option into its button in the toolbar for better discoverability. Finally, we've increased the font size for reaction emojis for improved visibility.

In addition to these new features and enhancements, we've also made several bug fixes, including fixing an issue where the description created extra activity records while editing.

**Features & Enhancements**

- Workflow Automation - You can now have DevStride automatically perform actions like assigning items or changing lane status as items are created, updated, or based on a schedule. 
- We've updated the work item table so you can simultaneously see an item's properties on the screen by scrolling horizontally. You can customize which columns show and also adjust column width. The Work views can now offer a table view instead of a lane view.
- Current Progress report - a report that will tell you how much progress you are making across your portfolio based on item completion status, assignment status, planned status, lane breakdown, time estimate distribution, and effort point distribution.
- When mentioning an item in the editor, typing # will show recent items.
- We added a due date filter for Cycle reports.
- Moved the sort option into its own button in the toolbar. It is more discoverable now.
- Increases the font size for reaction emojis.
- Moved the "recents" button into the global search input for a more consistent design.
- Added a bulk edit action for due dates.
- We've made adding work items quicker by moving the "Add item" button to the toolbar on all applicable pages so that fields like "Team" and "Cycle" are auto-applied. In addition, your last used workstream location and applicable custom fields are now saved in your browser for the "create item prompt" so you don't have to select them when they haven't changed.

**Bug Fixes**

- The description will not create extra activity records while editing anymore.
- The option to "show planned items" on the plan views will now persist between page loads
- Fixed jumpy behavior when reordering workstreams on the Map view.
- Improved the loading behavior on the map view for a better user experience.