---
title: "2023-11-08"
description: ""
---

## User-Defined Item Types, Enhanced Completion Stats, UI/UX Overhauls, and More!

In our latest DevStride update, we're excited to bring you significant enhancements that offer more customization, clearer insights, and a smoother user experience. Let's dive into the new changes:

## New Features and Enhancements

1. **User-Defined Item Types and Child Items:** A major system improvement! Define your own item types for work items and create hierarchies with child items in the settings. This offers unparalleled flexibility in how you organize and manage work. Tags, custom fields, and priority levels are now configured by item type rather than core workstream location, allowing for a more tailored setup.

2. **Detailed Workstream and Parent Item Completion Stats:** Users can now access detailed stats on child item completion, point estimate completion, time estimate completion, and total time spent for all base items. A new breakdown table by item type offers the same granular stats, providing deeper insights into project progress.

3. **Status Clarity:** We've renamed "Lane" to “Status” across the platform, clarifying the progress tracking aspect of items.

4. **Enhanced Email Notifications:** Notifications now include the location path, offering immediate context about the item's place within the project hierarchy.

5. **Improved Workspace Saving Behavior:** Responding to user feedback, we've improved the save function within the item description workspace to prevent data loss.

6. **Streamlined Settings Navigation:** The settings page navigation has been revamped to be more compact, extendable, and easier to navigate.

7. **Kanban Board Cards UI/UX Revamp:** Enjoy a fresh look and feel with redesigned Kanban board item cards and resizable lanes, enhancing your planning and task visualization experience.

8. **Workstreams Page UI/UX Overhaul:** We've redesigned the Workstreams page with resizable columns and addressed bugs related to jumpiness and double-clicking issues for a smoother interaction.

## Bug Fixes

- **Gantt Chart Date Calculations:** Fixed issues with calculating the minimum and maximum dates for workstreams on the Gantt charts.
  
- **Priority Update Automation:** A minor bug with the priority updated automation has been corrected.

We're committed to continuously improving DevStride to fit your project management needs. A big shout-out to our users for their invaluable feedback. If you experience any issues or have suggestions, our support team is ready to jump in and help!