---
title: "2023-10-10"
description: ""
---

## DevStride Release Notes: Sharable Gantt Charts, Item Watchers, and Enhanced Workstream Tracking!

Dive into the latest updates of DevStride! We've been busy refining features to further empower you in managing your projects seamlessly. Here's a look at what's new:

### New Features and Enhancements

1. **Sharable Gantt Charts:** 
Simplifying collaboration is key, and with that in mind, we've introduced the ability to share links to specific Gantt charts. Now, when you want to direct someone to a particular Gantt chart, just share the unique link. No more navigating and searching – get straight to the chart you need!

2. **Watch Work Items:** 
Staying informed on project changes has never been easier. Users can now "watch" specific work items, allowing them to receive notifications on selected item changes and events. This feature ensures you're always in the loop, especially for critical tasks or items you're deeply invested in.

3. **Manual Percent Completed for Workstreams:** 
We understand that project progress isn't always about the quantity of items done. Now, users have the flexibility to manually set a "percent completed" for workstreams. This means you can define progress based on your judgment, rather than strictly on the number of items, time estimates, or points completed.

We're dedicated to enhancing your project management experience. A huge thanks to our user community for the ongoing feedback, which helps drive our feature development. If you have any queries or suggestions, our support team is always eager to help!