---
title: "2023-02-28"
description: ""
---

We are excited to announce DevStride's latest release, which includes several new features and enhancements designed to improve the user experience and performance.

One of the major additions is the new "Time Spent" field for work items, which allows users to enter the number of hours and minutes they've spent on each task. This feature also includes a progress bar to show time spent against time estimates, and users can now filter views by the amount of time spent.

Additionally, we have dramatically enhanced report retrieval speed, so users no longer have to wait long to visualize their data. We have also updated the look of the Current Progress charts for a better user experience and added a Trending Progress chart where users can see their progress over time based on completion, estimation, assignment, planned, and lane status.

Furthermore, we've added a Throughput report, which shows daily progress based on item count, time estimate, point estimate, or time spent. The Cumulative Flow, Burn Down, and Burn Up charts are now reportable on any data dimension in the filters, giving users a view of their combined progress across their entire portfolio of work.

Other enhancements include the ability to duplicate Workstreams to any other location on the Map deeply, and admin users can now add tags directly in the workspace's tag selector. We've also made visual enhancements to the Map view, where the last column is now highlighted in blue for better cognitive context.

Finally, the release includes various bug fixes to improve DevStride's overall stability and performance. These fixes were identified through user feedback and our ongoing commitment to delivering a seamless user experience.

These new features and enhancements are aimed at improving the overall user experience and performance of our project management software. We are confident that our users will enjoy the benefits of this new release and look forward to their continued feedback.

## Features & Enhancements

- There is a new "Time Spent" field for work items. Users can now enter the number of hours/minutes they've spent on each work item. There is also a progress bar to show time spent against time estimates. Users can also filter views by the amount of time spent.

- Report retrieval speed has been dramatically enhanced, so users don't have to wait long to visualize their data.

- We've updated the look of the Current Progress charts for a better user experience.

- We've added a Trending Progress chart where users can see their progress over time based on completion, estimation, assignment, planned, and lane status.

- We've added a Throughput report where users can see daily how much was completed based on either item count, time estimate, point estimate, or time spent.

- We've made the Cumulative Flow, Burn Down, and Burn Up charts reportable on any data dimension in the filters rather than just based on a Cycle. Now users can see their combined progress across their entire portfolio of work.

- Workstreams can now be deeply duplicated to any other location on the Map.

- Admin users can now add tags directly in the workspace's tag selector.

- Added some visual enhancements to the Map view, where the last column will now be highlighted in blue for better cognitive context.

- We've moved the Items view to the Map module instead of Plan.

- Adds the ability to choose which completion stats to show on the Workstream Map.

- Improves the options on the Work view so that card fields can be hidden from a single dropdown.

- We've added pills to each screen where filters, sort, or options are applied so users can see information about what they are viewing without opening the different popups in the toolbar.

- Users can now sort by due date on all pages.

- Adds the due date to the work item cards on the Work column view.

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed an issue where the Core Workstreams would not show on the Map view when filters were applied.

- Removed the double warning message when a team is changed.

- Fixed some bugs concerning dragging assets into items.

- Fixed image copy-paste behavior in the text editor.

- Prevents multiple MFA SMS messages when logging in.