---
title: "2023-06-21"
description: ""
---

We're excited to bring you the latest updates to DevStride. This release includes new features, enhancements, and important bug fixes. Please find the detailed release notes below:

## Enhancements and New Features

**1. Filtering by Subtask Assignee:** You now have the ability to filter views by subtask assignee, in addition to the existing work item assignee filter.

**2. Scenarios for Gantt:** Users can now create different scenarios in their Gantt chart, enabling them to make strategic comparisons and informed decisions.

**3. Email Notifications:** We're thrilled to announce the introduction of our new email notification system, keeping you up to date on all important updates and communications.

**4. Lifting the Bulk Edit Limit:** We heard your feedback and have removed the 50 item limitation on bulk edits.

**5. Spatial Keyboard Navigation on the Map:** We've enhanced the navigation experience on the map. Now, you can use arrow keys to smoothly navigate through different workstreams.

**6. Improved Workstream Path Visibility:** To provide better context, the workstream path is now displayed underneath each item in the search results.

**7. Advanced Error Handling for Roadmap:** We have implemented better error handling for roadmap start and due dates.

**8. Activity Logs for Subtasks:** To provide better insight into task progress, we've added activity logs for subtasks.

**9. Highlighting Text Editors:** The description and comment editors will now be highlighted when they are in focus, making it easier to see where you're working.

## Bug Fixes

**1. Bug Reporting System:** The bug reporting system is now working as expected.

**2. Archived Teams Visibility:** We fixed an issue where archived teams were showing up when switching organizations.

**3. Time Estimates on Duplicate Items:** A minor issue with time estimates not getting updated on duplicate items has been fixed.

**4. Quick Add Item Dialog:** The quick add item dialog will now only open if no other dialogs are open, ensuring smoother operation.

**5. Escape Key Functionality:** We fixed an issue where the escape key was not closing the workspace in certain instances.

**6. Right-Click Menu Persistence:** Fixed an issue where the right-click menu was sticking around after item updates.

**7. Date Picker Functionality:** Fixed some issues with the date picker to ensure seamless scheduling and rescheduling of tasks.

Thank you for your continuous support. Please continue to share your feedback and help us make DevStride even better for you.