---
title: "2023-12-27"
description: ""
---

## Versatile Custom Field Types and More!

Welcome to our latest DevStride release, where we're elevating project management with various powerful new features, especially our versatile custom field types!

## Major Features

- **Custom Field Types:** We've added a robust selection of custom field types to supercharge your data organization. These include:
  - Text Options
  - Number Options
  - Short and Long Text Fields
  - Email, Phone Number, and URL Fields
  - Number, Percentage, Checkbox, and Switch Inputs
  - Date Picker
  - User Picker
  - Asset Fields
  - **All new fields are fully filterable**, allowing you to tailor your data views precisely to your needs.

## Enhancements

- **Blocked Tag Tooltip:** Hover over the blocked tag to see a tooltip with the blocker description for immediate insights into what's stalling your tasks.

- **Recent Items List Update:** We've improved the recent items list by combining workstreams and items into one streamlined, flat list.

- **Cycle Column View Improvements:** New edit and delete buttons in the cycle column view make managing your cycles easier than ever.

- **Sort Dropdown UI:** The sort dropdown has been enhanced with increased height, revealing more options at a glance for easier selection.

- **Gantt Chart Loading Optimization:** Gantt chart loading is now more efficient with asynchronous requests, ensuring a swift page load without delays.

- **Summary Row Enhancements:**
  - A new summary row at the bottom of the board and cycle column views give you a snapshot of aggregated stats.
  - The summary row now reflects filtered assignees, showing their items and subitem totals.
 
- **Bulk Edit for Sibling Item Types:** Users can now perform bulk edits on item types if the items are of sibling types, streamlining mass updates.

- **Automation Workflow Sharing:** You can now share automation workflow forms via a link, facilitating easier collaboration.

## Bug Fixes

- **Gantt View Filtering:** We've tuned the filter on the Gantt view to include child items, ensuring complete and accurate displays of your project timelines.

- **Gantt Progress Bar Accuracy:** Fixed the progress bars for parent items with a manual percent completed, ensuring they display the correct progress.

- **Dark Mode Time Input:** Corrected the styles for the time input field in dark mode for better visibility and consistency.

- **Board View Sorting:** Resolved issues with item sorting on the board view to maintain the order you expect.

- **Item Type Naming:** Eliminated the phantom spacing bug that occurred when adding names to item types, ensuring a tidy and error-free display.

We're proud to deliver these updates to enhance your project management experience. As always, we're grateful for your feedback and look forward to hearing how these new features help drive your projects forward. If you need assistance or want to share your thoughts, our support team is just a message away!