---
title: "2023-05-24"
description: ""
---

## Enhanced Control and Visibility

We're excited to announce several new features, enhancements, and bug fixes. Here's what's new in our latest update:

## New Features and Enhancements

1. **Introduction of Subtasks:** Work items have gotten more powerful with the ability to have a list of subtasks. These subtasks can be checked off as completed, allowing for more granular task tracking. Each subtask also supports assigning a start and due date, and an assignee.

2. **Improved Gantt Charts:** We've upgraded our Gantt charts, offering better control button placement and the ability to expand or collapse full levels. Additionally, we've included progress indicators within the Gantt bars for a quick visual update of your projects. Editable fields in the table now offer you more control, and we've fixed various bugs to make your experience smoother.

3. **Additional Automation Conditions:** We've expanded the automation conditions with options for "is set" and "is not set." This addition will offer more flexibility in automating your workflows.

4. **Bulk Edit Notifications and Discoverability:** Making changes in bulk is now easier than ever. We've streamlined the process to bulk edit notifications and enhanced the discoverability of the work item link within notifications.

5. **Frequent Data Updates:** To ensure the most up-to-date data, we're now updating organization data more frequently. This means any changes you make should appear quicker than before.

## Bug Fixes

1. **Date Input Fixes:** We've added fixes to the date input and its popup to make selecting dates smoother and more intuitive.

2. **My Items Bulk Edit:** The bulk edit function in the "My Items" view has been fixed for a better user experience.

3. **Time Estimation Settings:** We've addressed an issue with the "None" option in team time estimation settings.

4. **Workstream Linking:** We fixed an issue where links to workstreams in the Map were not functioning in certain instances.

5. **Item Workspace Persistence:** We've resolved an issue on the plan view where the item workspace was closing on page reload.

We're constantly working to improve DevStride, and we thank you for your support. Keep the feedback coming, and stay tuned for more exciting updates!