---
title: "2024-08-28"
description: ""
---

## New Features

### Introducing Templates and Enhanced Item Management
We are excited to bring you the latest updates to DevStride! This release introduces powerful new features and improvements to streamline your workflow and enhance your user experience. Here’s what’s new:

### Dynamic Template Support

We are thrilled to announce the addition of template support! Now, users can export workstreams or work items with dynamic placeholders for assignees, boards, and dates. You can set placeholder names and choose to offset dates from a specified placeholder date. When importing a template, simply fill in the placeholders with the desired values, making it easy to replicate and manage recurring tasks efficiently.

### Archiving Items

Users can now archive items instead of deleting them. Archived items remain accessible in various views by toggling an option, providing more flexibility in managing your work without losing historical data.

### Automated Parent Work Item Status

A new organization setting automates the "done" status of parent work items. When all child items are completed, the parent item is automatically marked as completed. Conversely, if a parent is completed and a child is added or moved to not completed, the parent will be set to "in progress". This ensures accurate tracking of work item statuses without manual updates.

### Board Lane Summary Stats

Board lane summary stats are now visible on collapsed lanes, providing a quick overview of lane contents without needing to expand them.

### Optional Dependencies and Due Dates

Fixed an issue where dependencies and due dates were required for item request forms. These fields are now optional, giving users more flexibility in how they configure and submit forms.

## Other Fixes and Improvements
Various other fixes and improvements have been made to enhance the overall stability and performance of DevStride.