---
title: "2023-09-27"
description: ""
---

## Enhanced Reporting, Improved UI, and More!

We're pleased to announce our latest improvements and features in DevStride, tailored to enhance your productivity and user experience. Dive into the details below!

### New Features and Enhancements

 **Individual Time Report:** 
Gain deeper insights into team performance with the new Individual Time Report. Now, you can track the time spent on work items by each team member for a specific date range, promoting accountability and informed decision-making.

**Current Progress Detailed View:** 
Curious about what's represented in the current progress charts? Users can now delve into specifics, viewing each individual item contributing to the progress. This granular view ensures total clarity on project status.

**Advanced Item Selection:** 
With our new 'Select All' feature, users can effortlessly select and edit all items matching a particular set of filters. Say goodbye to the limitations of only editing loaded items, and embrace the convenience of bulk edits!

**Enhanced Kanban Board Context:** 
To aid users in understanding the broader project landscape while in card view, we now display the parent workstream. This context ensures users are always oriented and aware of item locations.

**Duplication Upgrades:** 
   - **Faster and More Comprehensive Item Duplication:** Not only have we made the duplication process swifter, but we've also ensured that all item assets and subtasks are included when duplicating.
   - **Workstream Duplication:** Preserve all nested item positions seamlessly when duplicating an entire workstream, ensuring consistent organizational structure across your projects.

### Bug Fixes

**Reporting Accuracy:** We've ironed out several bugs in our reporting feature, ensuring all information presented is accurate and reliable.

We're always striving to offer you the best experience. A big thank you to our community for your continuous feedback and support. Should you encounter any issues or have suggestions for future iterations, our support team is always here to assist!