---
title: Setting Up Your Kanban Board
description: Customize Kanban boards to fit your organization's specific workflow needs and team structures
---

## Overview

* * *

Customizing Kanban boards to fit your organization's specific needs is crucial, as it allows for the adaptation of these boards to reflect the unique processes, team structures, and goals of your organization. A customized Kanban board ensures that it aligns perfectly with your workflow, thus maximizing productivity. It allows for the inclusion of specific columns, **labels**, and WIP (Work in Progress) limits that resonate with your team's methodology and project requirements. In essence, while the fundamental principles of Kanban offer a robust framework for managing tasks, customizing the Kanban board tailors this system to harness the full potential of your team's productivity and project management efficiency.

## How to Set Up Your Kanban Board

* * *


**Accessing Kanban Board Settings**

To begin customizing your Kanban board, navigate to the settings in your project management software. Once in settings, direct your attention to the right side of the screen. Here, you'll find an option labeled "Statuses & WIP Limiters" under the section titled Data Models. This area is your control panel for tailoring the Kanban board to your specific needs.

**Customizing Lanes**

Upon clicking "Statuses & WIP Limiters," you'll be presented with the capability to edit your board's lanes. It's important to note that certain lanes, such as "New" and "Done," are reserved by the system and cannot be altered. However, you have full freedom to create new lanes. This is done by clicking the green "New" button adjacent to the Create Status option. These lanes can be anything from "In-Progress" to "Review," depending on what best suits your team's workflow. Remember, you can always rename or change the color of these lanes at anytime to suit your needs. This is done by clicking the pencil icon next to the lane name. If a lane becomes unnecessary, it can be removed by selecting the red "X" icon.

**Grouping Lanes and Setting WIP Limiters**

A unique feature of this software is the ability to group lanes into collections. This not only helps in organizing tasks more logically but also allows you to set specific Work in Progress (WIP) Limiters for each lane within a collection. WIP Limiters are crucial for controlling the flow of work, ensuring that not too much work is assigned within a cycle or to a particular team member, thus preventing bottlenecks. However, keep in mind that you cannot set WIP Limiters for the "New" or "Done" lanes. To create a collection, simply drag the lanes from the right side under "Create Status" to your desired collection spot. This feature is particularly beneficial for organizations with multiple teams, as it allows for the creation of distinct lanes for different team workflows.

**Assigning Collections to Teams**

Once your lanes and collections are set up, the next step is to assign these collections to specific teams. This is done under "Assign Collections." By doing so, you can ensure that each team's Kanban board is customized to their unique workflow and preferences. This level of customization enhances the efficiency and effectiveness of the Kanban board, making it an invaluable tool for project management and team collaboration.
