---
title: Scenario Planning
description: 
---

#### What are Scenarios?

In Gantt charts, scenarios refer to different sets of circumstances or
conditions that can impact project planning and scheduling.
They allow project managers to explore various what-if scenarios and assess the
potential outcomes and impacts on project timelines. By creating multiple scenarios within a Gantt chart, different variables such as task durations, resource allocations, or dependencies can be modified to analyze the effects on the project's overall schedule.

#### Base Scenario

base scenario refers to the initial or original plan for a project's schedule. It represents the intended sequence of tasks, their start and end dates, and the overall project timeline without any adjustments or modifications. The base scenario is typically created at the beginning of the project planning phase and serves as the reference point against which changes and deviations are measured.

Key components of the base scenario in a Gantt chart include:

- Tasks: A list of all the individual activities or tasks that need to be completed to achieve the project's objectives.

- Duration: The time it is estimated to take to complete each task.

- Dependencies: The relationships between tasks, indicating which tasks must be completed before others can start.

- Start and End Dates: The planned start and end dates for each task, reflecting the expected project timeline.

- Milestones: Significant points in the project that mark the completion of a critical phase or a major accomplishment.

#### Add New Scenario

1. Open your Gantt chart page and navigate to the Scenario button in the toolbar.
2. Under **New Scenario**, give your scenario a descriptive name or title that reflects the specific circumstances or changes you want to explore. Click **Start**
3. Once you've clicked *Start*, you will see the following message on screen:
    - Scenario recording mode is now active. All date movements in the gantt will be recorded in your browser. Click on the checkmark icon in the toolbar to save the scenario when you are done. Without saving, reloading or navigating away from the page will cancel the recording and all recorded data will be lost.
4. Click **Sounds Good**.
5. To cancel the recording, click the "X" button next to Scenario. Then choose either *Cancel Recording* or *Continue Recording*.
6. To save the recording, click the "Tick" button and then choose *Save*. Saving the scenario will save all the recorded date changes in the gantt.
   In addition, a date snapshot of all the expanded items with valid dates will be saved as well.

#### Edit a Scenario

To edit Scenarios, click on the Scenario button on the Toolbar, and select a Scenario. Once you click the Edit icon, the following message will appear on the screen:

"Scenario recording started. All date movements in the
gantt will be recorded in your browser. Click on the checkmark
icon to save the scenario when you are done."

Once you've applied changes to the Scenario, click the Tick box, and then click Save.

## Add an Initiative

To add an initiative in Gantt charts within DevStride, follow these simple steps for effective project management.

1. Locate the "Add to Gantt" button, positioned at the top right side of the screen, and click on it. Click on **Initiative**.
2. A dialog box will appear, prompting you to fill in the initiative details, such as the initiative's name, description, and color.
3. Click on **Create Initiative**.

## Add a Milestone

To add a Milestone to the Gantt chart, follow these simple steps.

1. First, click on the "Add to Gantt" button, and from the options presented, select "Milestone." As a result, a new modal window titled "New Milestone" will appear, providing users with a convenient input interface.
2. In this modal, enter the relevant information for the Milestone, including its Name, Description, Color, and Date.
3. Lastly, select the Date for when the Milestone is expected to occur.
4. fter ensuring all required information is entered, click on the "Create Milestone" button, and the Milestone will be added to the Gantt chart at the specified date.

## Add Workstreams or Items

1. To add Workstreams and Items to an Initiative in the Gantt chart, Begin by clicking on the "Add to Gantt" button, and from the available options, select "Workstream and Items."
2. This action will trigger the appearance of a modal window, prompting the user to choose an Initiative to which the new Workstream or Item will be linked.
3. fter selecting the desired Initiative, the modal will then present a list of available Workstreams and Items. Choose the appropriate Workstream or Item that corresponds to the task or activity you wish to include.
4. Once you have made your selection, click on the "Add Items" button to confirm and add the chosen Workstream or Item to the Gantt chart, neatly integrating it into the timeline of the selected Initiative.

## Left Side of the Data Grid

The left side of a Gantt chart grid consists of rows, each representing different tasks or elements of the project. These rows are numbered to provide a clear reference point for each item. The rows typically house Initiatives, Workstreams, and Items, organized in a hierarchical manner to depict their relationship and structure within the project.

Here's a breakdown of the elements you would find in the left side of the Gantt chart:

1. Initiatives: The highest level in the hierarchy, Initiatives represent major goals or objectives of the project. They may encompass multiple Workstreams or Items.

2. Workstreams: Positioned beneath Initiatives, Workstreams are subsets of the broader objectives. They represent distinct areas of focus or functional components that contribute to achieving the Initiatives.

3. Items: Items are individual tasks, activities, or deliverables that need to be completed within each Workstream. They are the smallest units of work in the Gantt chart and are often linked to one or more dependencies.

The rows help visualize the hierarchical structure of the project, with Initiatives at the top, followed by Workstreams, and then Items nested within the corresponding Workstreams.

On the right side of each row, you'll find columns that display essential information about each task or element:

1. Name: This column displays the name or label of each Initiative, Workstream, or Item. It helps identify and differentiate the tasks from one another.

2. Start Date: The Start Date column shows when each Initiative, Workstream, or Item is scheduled to begin. This information provides a clear starting point for each task.

3. Due Date: The Due Date column indicates the deadline or expected completion date for each Initiative, Workstream, or Item, allowing stakeholders to track progress and identify potential delays.

4. Duration: The Duration column displays the estimated or actual time required to complete each task. This information helps in scheduling and resource allocation.

5. Dependencies: The Dependencies column represents the relationships between different Initiatives, Workstreams, or Items. Arrows or lines may be used to show dependencies, indicating which tasks must be completed before others can start.

## Right Side of the Data Grid

The right side of a Gantt chart grid with zoom levels is designed to offer a dynamic and versatile view of the project timeline. The columns allow users to adjust the zoom level, providing a flexible perspective ranging from Years to Quarters, Months, Weeks, and Days. This feature enables users to gain a broad overview of long-term planning or focus on detailed scheduling with a granular approach.

1. Within the Gantt chart, different colored bars are used to represent various elements of the project, including Initiatives, Workstreams, Items, and Milestones. Each type of element is visually distinguishable through its unique color, making it easier for stakeholders to identify and track different tasks.

2. Initiatives are represented as broader bars, potentially spanning multiple quarters, months, or weeks, signifying major project goals or strategic objectives. Workstreams are displayed as narrower bars within Initiatives, indicating specific areas of focus or functional components contributing to the Initiatives.

3. Items are depicted as even narrower bars within Workstreams, representing individual tasks or deliverables with specific start and end dates. These bars show the duration of each task, allowing for a clear visualization of their scheduling.

4. Milestones are typically displayed as diamond-shaped symbols along the timeline, representing key events or achievements that serve as critical checkpoints in the project's progress.

5. Furthermore, the Gantt chart is designed with horizontal scrolling capability, enabling users to explore and plan into the future. This feature ensures that long-term projects can be effectively managed and visualized without limitations on the timeline.
